this method works totally fine there's
no reason you can't use the size and in
fact I think it's pretty much the best
solution
however we should for the sake of just
seeing the other pattern look at how
this would be done iteratively even
though I don't personally like it quite
as much so to do that I'm gonna create a
new method called iterative size and it
is going to turn the size of the list
using iteration or I'll just say no
regression and as before I recommend
that you try and guess what I'm about to
do and then see how your answer compares
to mine so in this case a common pattern
is to create a pointer variable okay so
I'm gonna call it P and I'm gonna set it
equal to this and I'm also gonna set up
a total size variable I'm gonna set that
equal to zero and then I'm gonna say as
long as P is not equal to null I'm gonna
do the following I'm gonna say total
size plus equals 1 so that's gonna get
one larger and then P is gonna be equal
to P dot rest and in that way P is gonna
step along until finally total size is
returned so let's try running this code
this won't test it here it worked and
why let's try doing it the visualization
okay so as before we step forward until
we get to edit of size and when that
method kicks off we're gonna say you
know what P is gonna be equal to this
and then I'm gonna set the total size
equal to zero now as long as P is not
null I'm gonna step through and I'm
gonna say if the total size is larger
and P should step forward can we come
back around total size plus equals one
these steps more okay finally P is
pointing at the last item in the list so
we could say total size plus 1 P equals
P dot rest in which case it will get set
equal to null and now we're done and
record return total size now you could
do something where you start the size
off at 1 and you instead check P dot
rest is not equal to null either
approach is fine this is just the one I
happen to affect and that will give us
an iterative
sighs method